pass over calculator.doc (#598)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/tutorials/calculator.adoc

. Save your changes and close the file to continue.

== Start the local canister execution environment

> Before you can build the `+access_hello+` project, you need to connect to the canister execution environment running locally in your development environment, or you need to connect toa subnet that you can access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can build the `+calc+` project, you need to connect to the canister execution environment running locally in your development environment, or you need to connect toa subnet that you can access.
```

Reviewer: Seems like you copied a bit too much?

+
image:candid-calc.png[Calculator functions]

== Stop the local canister execution environment

> After you finish experimenting with the program, you can stop the local canister execution environment  so that it doesn't continue running in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you finish experimenting with the dapp, you can stop the local canister execution environment  so that it does not continue running in the background.
```
